Return-Path: <iwjowhmqcbfqr@dec.uc.pt>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-baseline@em.ca
Received: (qmail 5377 invoked by uid 115); 7 Jun 2005 16:59:48 -0000
Received: from iwjowhmqcbfqr@dec.uc.pt by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 ( Clear:RC:0(222.96.227.78):. 
 Processed in 8.690116 secs); 07 Jun 2005 16:59:48 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO 209.5.178.248) (222.96.227.78)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 7 Jun 2005 16:59:38 -0000
Received: from augend.elem.com ([212.19.200.16])
          by department.compconnection.com
          (InterMail vK.4.04.00.00 241-014-409 license 9wr075up4822n1va0j2yix8007g4dme5)
          with ESMTP
          id <20035080902184.DONY9376.augend@elem.com>
          for <bait-baseline@em.ca>; Tue, 07 Jun 2005 20:55:19 +0400
Received: by spittle with Internet Mail Service (5.5.6801.54)
	id <RZFH7EP1>; Tue, 07 Jun 2005 09:55:19 -0700
Date: Tue, 07 Jun 2005 21:58:19 +0500
From: "Marla Kim" <iwjowhmqcbfqr@dec.uc.pt>
Subject: Small Stocks Can Give You Short Term Returns
To: <bait-baseline@em.ca>
References: <%RND_ALFABET@elem.com>
In-Reply-To: <%RND_ALFABET@elem.com>
Message-ID: <891711318500.VCW39058@floorboard.compconnection.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

Diamant Film Inc. (OTCBB:DIAAF)
The World's First Plasticizer-Free Stretch Film Based on Polystyrene 
and the
First Food Wrap Film that is Environmentally Friendly and Recyclable.
Diamant(TM) Film has Recently Received the ECO Logo Certified by the
Environmental Choice(M) Program. (Source: News 6/3/O5)

Volume In April: 17.4 million shares
Current Price:  .031

Is this One Ready to Explode Higher? If You Think So, You may want to 
act
sooner rather than later..

Reasons to Consider DIAAF; (Source: Recent Press Releases)


1)DIGI Canada Inc. to Introduce Diamant Film to Clients- Its wholly 
owned
subsidiary, Diamant Film Inc., has shipped sufficient quantities of
Diamant(tm) stretch film cutter boxes to DIGI Canada Inc. in order to 
supply
its entire sales and marketing team for presentation to clients
in the food industry. (Source: News 5/24/05)


2)Diamant Film Inc. Receives Second of Four Ordered Containers of 
Diamant
Film- It has paid
for and received the second of four ordered containers of Diamant (TM) 
film
which comprises
in excess of 8 Million feet of our trademark stretch wrap film.
This shipment furthers Diamant's planned inventory build-up for orders 
from
our clients including Victory Packaging who have agreed to purchase
approximately 135 Million feet of Diamant (TM) film in the first year.


3)Diamant Film Inc. Provides Diamant(TM) Film to Presidential Holdings 
for
U.S. Military Clients-Through an agreement with Diamant Film Inc.,
Presidential Holdings has the exclusive right to sell, market and 
distribute
Diamant(TM) film to the U.S. military.


4)Diamant Art Corporation Prepares to Package First 2.4 Million Feet of
Film.


About DIAAF: (Source: News 6/3/05)
Diamant Art Corporation, through its wholly owned subsidiary Diamant 
Film
Inc., has secured a ten year agreement with Diamant Plastics 
Corporation for
the exclusive marketing and distribution rights in the United States,
Canada, Mexico and the Bahamas to Diamant(tm) film, a non-PVC food 
stretch
film. Diamant(tm) film is the world's first plasticizer-free stretch 
film
based on polystyrene and the first food wrap film that is 
environmentally
friendly and recyclable. Diamant(tm) film has recently received the ECO 
logo
certified by the Environmental Choice(M) Program. The Environmental
Choice(M) Program is North America's leading benchmark of 
environmentally
responsible products and services. Diamant(tm) film has successfully 
met the
criteria for both the environmental and performance standards.

Please Watch This One Trade Tuesday. These little stOcks can surprise in a big 
way
sometimes....
                         _______________________________

Information within this email contains "forward looking statements" 
within
the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the 
Securities
Exchange Act of
1934. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect 
to
predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, 
goals,
assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of 
historical
fact and may be "forward looking statements.
"Forward looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and
projections at the time
the statements are made that involve a number of risks and 
uncertainties
which could cause
actual results or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated. Forward
looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of 
words
such as
"projects", "foresee", "expects", "will," "anticipates," "estimates,"
"believes,"
"understands" or that by statements indicating certain actions "may,"
"could," or "might"
occur. As with many microcap stOcks, today's company has additional 
risk
factors that raise
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.Those factors
include, but are not
limited to: a limited operating history, a nominal cash position, 
nominal
revenue in its most recent quarter, an accumulated deficit since its
inception, a negative  net worth, a going concern opinion from its 
auditor,
a failure to make maintenance payments on it US patents, management 
believes
it will not be able  to complete its audited statments which will, if 
not
rectified, eventually lead to a delisting of the st0ck from the 
Bulletin
Board. All of the
assets of the company are pledged as collateral on a note the company 
is in
default on. Foreclosure could force bankruptcy or liquidation of the
company. The company is going to
need financing. If that financing does  not occur,the company  may not 
be
able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your 
entire
investment. Other risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the ability of the 
Company to
complete its business plan,reliance on key personnel, market 
conditions, the
general acceptance of the Company's products and technologies, 
competitive
factors, timing, and other risks associated
with their business. The publisher of this newsletter does not 
represent
that the information contained in this message states all material 
facts or
does not omit a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.All information
provided within this email pertaining to investing, st0cks, securities 
must
be understood as information provided
and not investment advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises all
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional
securities representative before deciding to trade in st0cks featured 
within
this email. None of the material within this report shall be construed 
as
any kind of investment advice or solicitation.Many of these companies 
are on
the verge of bankruptcy. You can lose all your money by investing in 
this
st0ck. The publisher of this newsletter is not a re-gistered 
in-vestment
advisOr. Subscribers should not view information herein as legal, tax,
accounting or investment advice. Any reference to past performance(s) 
of
companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the 
favorable
performance of these companies. You would need perfect timing to 
acheive the
results in the examples given. There can be no assurance of that 
happening. Remember, as always, past performance
is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence 
effort, including
a review of a company's filings when available, should be completed 
prior to
investing. Read the filings now, right now, before you invest. In 
compliance
with the Securities Act of 1933, Section17(b),The publisher of this
newsletter is contracted to  receive sixty thousand dollars from a 
third
party, not an officer, director or affiliate shareholder for the 
circulation
of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting 
from
such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and 
is
not without bias.The party that paid us has a position in
the st0ck they will sell at anytime without notice. This could have a
negative impact on the price of the st0ck, causing you to lose money. 
All
factual information in this report was gathered from public sources,
including but not limited to Company Websites and Company Press 
Releases.
The publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be 
reliable
but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of 
the material
within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

