Return-Path: <hyzinjfvvd@bajamarine.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait@em.ca
Received: (qmail 22358 invoked by uid 115); 13 Jun 2005 01:00:01 -0000
Received: from hyzinjfvvd@bajamarine.com by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 ( Clear:RC:0(141.151.144.25):. 
 Processed in 43.328786 secs); 13 Jun 2005 01:00:01 -0000
Received: from pool-141-151-144-25.pitt.east.verizon.net (HELO mail.bajamarine.com) (141.151.144.25)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 13 Jun 2005 00:59:16 -0000
From: "Vicente Fitzgerald" <hyzinjfvvd@bajamarine.com>
To: <lv@em.ca>
Subject: Re: Sterling St0ck Watch
Sender: "Duncan Krause" <hyzinjfvvd@bajamarine.com>
Date: Sun, 12 Jun 2005 21:01:22 -0400
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit
Message-id: <UHUha_t6cVibU5bUH_2Y@bajamarine.com>

SmallCap BIOTECH Report
<> STEM CELL <> CRYOGENICS <> STEM CELL <>
  INVESTING IN EMERGING BIOTECH STOCKS

:: COMPANY SPOTLIGHT ::.
  Bio-Matrix Scientific Group Inc.
Driving $75 billion dollar a year Biotechnology and Medical Device 
industries is the demand for new products that improve patient 
safety, decrease healthcare cost, and most importantly enhance human 
life.
Symbol: BMXP
Trading Price:  $0.94


About Bio-Matrix Scientific Group Inc.:

Bio-Matrix Scientific Group Inc. is a San Diego based development 
stage company in the business of medical devices and monitoring 
systems research, development and commercialization. Bio-Matrix 
Scientific Group Inc. is aligning itself with partners that offer key 
technologies in biomedical device development, tissue engineering, 
cell culturing, genome therapy and drug delivery systems. Its polymer 
coating on medical devices will ensure that cell transference is done 
with minimal damage to cells. This should lead to better yields in 
stem cell extraction, along with better outcomes for patients in 
tissue management procedures.

  Recent News:       A spokesperson for the Company said that its 
Board of Directors plans to spin-off 6,035,501 shares of the common 
stock of Frezer, Inc., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Bio-Matrix Scientific Group, to BMXP shareholders of 
record as of May 31, 2005.
This represents one share of Frezer, Inc. for every one share of 
Bio-Matrix Scientific Group Inc. (Pink Sheets:BMXP) owned post 
reverse split.

"Ground floor" Company Enters Production Phase

Bio-Matrix Scientific Group Inc., announced that Collective 
Technologies will manufacture Bio-Matrix's first set of Stem Cell 
Devices. The Company anticipates having this set of instruments 
sometime within the next two weeks. BMXP also recently finalized 
applications for 3 new devices.

This is the first step towards full production of these devices. This 
first set of devices will be used for its 510(k) testing, trade shows 
and presentations to Physicians and Researchers. "Collective 
Technologies enables us to manufacture products in the most efficient 
and cost-effective way possible," noted Brian Pockett, Managing 
Director and COO of Bio-Matrix Scientific. "We have been impressed by 
Collective Technologies' quality record, responsiveness and 
flexibility - all of which are critical to our production 
objectives." Bio-Matrix sees this event as nearing a point at which 
the Company "green-lights" full production of its stem cell and 
tissue management instruments.


"REAL DEAL" MANAGEMENT
Philip Watts, Ph.D., the Company's Director of Research and 
Development, highly recognized in his field.
James L. Lambert, Ph.D., as its Bio-Instrument Scientific Advisor. 
Dr. Lambert specializes in the development of next generation 
bio-instrumentation for use in medical research. Dr. Lambert has been 
with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory for 17 years, and for the last 
five years he has served as the Technical Group Supervisor of the 
Intelligent Instrument and Systems Technology Group. Dr. Lambert 
leads a multidisciplinary group whose members have advanced degrees 
in chemistry, biology, electrical engineering, and computer science. 
The charter of the group is to develop advanced in situ instruments 
and sensors for NASA and other agencies.
Geoffrey O'Neill, Ph.D.  President of the Company. Dr. O'Neill most 
recently served as Director of Stem Cell Laboratories and Scientific 
Research for Cryo-Cell International Inc. (OTC: CCEL). Cryo-Cell 
International represents themselves as the world's largest U-Cord 
stem cell banking firm. "The appointment of Dr. O'Neill as President 
of Bio-Matrix Scientific Group Inc. signals our Company's aggressive 
growth plans in stem cell research devices, biomedical devices and 
the continued growth in the development of our Stem Cell Cryogenic 
Banks," said Brian Pockett, Managing Director and COO of Bio-Matrix 
Scientific

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
Stem Cell Cryogenics
Instrumentation for Stem Cell Research and Tissue
Management
Non-Invasive Bio-Systems Monitoring and Measuring Devices
Niche Medical Device Instrumentation
The Company has recently filed a provisional patent application with 
the U. S. Patent Office. It anticipates numerous utility patents will 
result from this filing.

Investment Prosective:


Bio-Matrix has a four pronged revenue strategy each with a different 
trajectory and different inflection points.
The company is spreading its risk over different operating segments 
with varying investment requirement and levels of risk.
Larger companies in the medical device industry are aggressive and 
smaller companies are always takeover targets.



Potential of BMXP:

The market size of the segments it has chosen to operate in is huge. 
The tissue management instruments market size alone is $860 million.
A provisional patent application has already been filed and more are 
in the pipeline.


IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER: Information within this email contains "forward 
looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the 
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934. Any statements that express or involve discussions with 
respect to predictions, goals, expectations, beliefs, plans, 
projections, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance 
are not statements of historical fact and may be "forward looking 
statements." Forward looking statements are based on expectations, 
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that 
involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual 
results or events to differ materially from those presently 
anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action may be 
identified through the use of words such as: "projects", "foresee", 
"expects", "estimates," "believes," "understands" "will", 
"anticipates," or that by statements indicating certain actions 
"may," "could," or "might" occur. All information provided within 
this email pertaining to investing, stocks,securities must be 
understood as information provided and not investment advice. 
Emerging Equity Alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek 
advice from a registered professional securities representative 
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email. None 
of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of 
investment advice. In compliance with Section 1  we have been 
compensated thirty thousand dollars for the dissemination of this 
profile.. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from 
such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of 
these shares. Shares may be sold at any time, even after positive 
statements have been made regarding the above company.



