Return-Path: <qkisfu@em-is.de>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-baseline@em.ca
Received: (qmail 6896 invoked by uid 115); 27 Jun 2005 02:29:03 -0000
Received: from qkisfu@em-is.de by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 ( Clear:RC:0(220.116.247.242):. 
 Processed in 0.158014 secs); 27 Jun 2005 02:29:03 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO smtp.thecommercezone.com) (220.116.247.242)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 27 Jun 2005 02:29:00 -0000
From: "Ned Oakes" <qkisfu@em-is.de>
To: <tam@em.ca>
Subject: Diamond in The Rough Equity Report
Date: Sun, 26 Jun 2005 22:29:44 -0500
Message-id: <UhA5BOb8ErKx0W7dWjCP@em-is.de>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit
X-Mailer: Microsoft CDO for Windows 2000
Thread-index: 5B6CpiBo19753zs+t6c9f20W7D8ER208E_9==
Content-Class: urn:content-classes:message
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.7[2].2[4].5[4]
X-OriginalArrivalTime: Sun, 26 Jun 2005 22:29:44 -0500 (UTC) FILETIME=[haTGT_G:HUhat6c]

HOMELAND SECURITY INVESTMENTS


The terror attacks on the United States on September 11, 2001 have 
changed 
the security landscape for the foreseeable future. Both physical and 
logical 
security have become paramount for all industry segments, especially in 
the 
banking, national resource and government sectors.  According to Giga, 
a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Forrester Research, worldwide demand for 
information security products and services is set to eclipse $46B by 
2005.

Homeland Security Investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing 
our 
readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this 
lucrative sector.  As we know, events related to homeland security 
happen 
with lightning speed.  What we as investors can do is position 
ourselves in 
such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to 
capitalize on events which have yet to happen.  Homeland Security 
Investments is here to help our readers do just that.



With this in mind, it is with great excitement that we present Vinoble, 
Inc. 
This stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long 
terms.

Symbol: (VNBL)

Current Price:      	    		0.08
Short Term Target Price:    		0.35
12 month Target Price:      		1.20



***Why we believe VNBL.OB will give big returns on investment***


* At this time much of VNBL's focus is on RFID (Radio frequency 
identification) technology.  This is technology which uses tiny sensors 
to 
transmit information about a person or object wirelessly.

* VNBL is already an industry pioneer in the RFID Personal Location 
Technology.

* VNBL is developing a form of RFID technology which allows companies 
and 
governments to wirelessly track their assets and resources.  Such 
technology 
has HUGE potential in the protection and transportation of materials 
designated "High Risk" were they to fall into the wrong hands.

* VNBL works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order 
to 
create "High Security Space" in locales where it is deemed necessary.  
Locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports, sea 
ports, 
mines, nuclear facilities, and more.

* As with all stocks, news drives the short term price. Fresh news has 
made  VNBL a hot buy.


NEWS ON VNBL


MALIBU, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--June 16, 2005--Vinoble, Inc. 
(OTCBB:VNBL - 
News), a holding company seeking to identify long-term growth 
opportunities 
in the areas of homeland security, security information systems, and 
other 
security services, announced today that it plans to offer products and 
services that will assist in the automation of the identification and 
control of equipment, assets, tools, and the related processes used in 
the 
Oil & Gas and Petrochemical industries.

Although small wirelessly networked RFID sensors can monitor machines 
and 
equipment to detect possible problems before they become serious, they 
can 
also deliver safety features within oil wells. Oil maybe trapped in 
different layers of rock, along with gas and water. Detection of 
specific 
liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise 
opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur, 
such as 
a well filling with water.

As with other RF based technology applications, RFID can also provide 
the 
safe transit of materials by only the authorized handler, and limit the 
entry of personnel to specific locations. Ensuring personnel safety is 
essential, should there be an emergency at a facility, RFID tags would 
enable the customer to track and evaluate its employee's safety and/or 
danger. This application technology requires product and hardware that 
can 
operate in harsh and potentially hazardous conditions, but gives 
valuable 
safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer. RFID 
can 
also assist the customer's supply chain by tracking oil, gas, and 
chemical 
products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail level.

Vinoble's viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are 
more 
than just a valuable tool to the mining industry, but as a protective 
measure of our country's natural resources and commodities against 
threat. 
Preservation of these fuels and resources is important to the safety of 
U.S. 
industry and economy.

The Company believes that such offering service and technology 
application 
in the Oil & Gas and Petrochemical industry will further position 
Vinoble in 
a rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the 
increasing capital and global spending that the Company will require 
for 
growth. The Company's goal is to also provide a much-needed service at 
a 
cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can't afford to 
do 
without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of 
constant threat.


This is Outstanding news.  The growth potential for this company is 
exceptional.  In an already hot industry, VNBL.OB stands out as a truly 
innovative pioneer.  We see big things happening to this stock.



Information within this email contains "F0RWARD looking statements"
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that
express or   involve   discussions with respect to predictions,
expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goals, 
assumptions or 
future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
"F0RWARD looking statements."F0RWARD looking statements are based on
expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual results or events to differ materially from those presently
anticipated. F0RWARD looking statements in this action may be 
identified
through the use of words such as "projects", "foresee", "expects",
"will,"  "anticipates,"  "estimates," "believes,"  "understands" or 
that by
statements indicating certain actions "may," "could," or "might" occur.
As with many micro-cap stocks, today's company has additional risk
factors worth noting. Those factors include: a limited operating 
history,
the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an
unsecured basis: one vendor, a related party through a majority
stockholder, supplies ninety-seven percent of the company's raw 
materials:
reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital. 
These
factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company's SEC
filings. We urge you to read the filings before you invest.  The ROCKET 
ST0CK
Report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact 
necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading.  All information
provided within this email pertaining to investing, ST0CKS, securities 
must 
be
understood as information provided and not investment advice. The
ROCKET ST0CK Report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice 
from
a registered professional securities representative before deciding to
trade in ST0CKS featured within this email. None of the material within
this report   shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. 
You
can lose all your M0NEY by investing in this ST0CK. The publisher of
The ROCKET ST0CK Report is not a registered investment ADVIS0R.
Subscribers should not view information herein as legal, tax, 
accounting or
investment advice. Any reference to past performance(s) of companies 
are
specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance 
of
these companies. You would need perfect timing to achieve the results
in the examples given.   There can be no assurance of that happening.
Remember, as always, past performance is never indicative of future
results and a thorough due diligence effort, including a review of a
company's filings, should be completed prior to investing. In 
compliance
with the Securities Act of 1933, Section 17(b), The ROCKET ST0CK Report
discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party
(GEM,Inc.), not an officer, director or affiliate  shareholder  for  
the
circulation  of  this report. GEM, Inc. has a position in the stock 
they
will sell at any time without notice.  Be aware of an inherent conflict
of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this
is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted. All factual information
in this report was gathered from public sources, including but not
limited to Company Websites, SEC Filings and Company Press Releases. 
The
Rocket stock Report believes this information to be reliable but can 
make
no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of the material
within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

