Return-Path: <ttrtd@pittgov.org>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait@em.ca
Received: (qmail 10770 invoked by uid 115); 23 Jan 2005 13:05:05 -0000
Received: from ttrtd@pittgov.org by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(211.204.35.76):. 
 Processed in 0.564247 secs); 23 Jan 2005 13:05:05 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO pittgov.org) (211.204.35.76)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 23 Jan 2005 13:05:03 -0000
Return-path: <ttrtd@pittgov.org>
From: fidelia Volchegursky <ttrtd@pittgov.org>
To: <bait@em.ca>
Subject: Samurai VCSC St0ck Info  vandalism
Date: Sun, 23 Jan 2005 07:08:01 -0600
Reply-To: <ttrtd@pittgov.org>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: plain
X-Qmail-Scanner-Message-ID: <110648550467210763@churchill>
Content-Length: 4913
Lines: 123

         MarketMakers Profit Guide 2005
          With Over 97% Winning Trades!

Featured Company Is: Vocalscape Inc,

Breaking News released by the company on
Friday after the close - this is an inside
tip to our subscribers to get it immediately
since the company is planning on a massive
marketing campaign starting tuesday for the
entire week. So do not miss out on it our
advice is get it monday at the opening or
tuesday morning the latest. This is a great
company with great gains to be expected.

Ticker:VCSC
Current Price:.15
Price in 5  days:.62
Price in 15 days:.85

VocalScape Networks Inc. is building a company
that's revolutionizing the telecommunications
industry with the most affordable phone systems,
hardware, online software, and rates in Canada
and the US. VocalScape, a company with global
reach, is receiving international attention for
the development of Voice over IP (VoIP)
application solutions, including the award-winning
EyefonTM, a softphone for real-time PC-to-phone.
We are an advanced implementer of PBX systems
for companies, call centers, ITSPs and service
providers.

Breaking News - Partnership with VBS Telecom!

KATONAH, N.Y., Jan. 21 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/
Vocalscape Inc. "VCSC", announces that the company
has entered into a partnership agreement with VBS
Telecom to represent Vocalscape's proprietary
Eyefon, an award winning VoIP soft phone and
Vocalscape's pre-paid calling card solution to
their clients.


Don't Sleep On This One, It will produce unreal
profits all week. So get in early on Monday morning.


Legal-Information:

Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section
21B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any
statements that express or involve discussions
with respect to predictions, goals, expectations,
beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions
or future events or performance are not statements
of historical fact and may be "forward looking
statements." Forward looking statements are based
on expectations, estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number
of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those
presently anticipated. Forward looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use
of words such as: "projects", "foresee", "expects",
"estimates," "believes," "understands" "will,"
"part of: "anticipates," or that by statements
indicating certain actions "may," "could," or "might"
occur. All information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must
be understood as information provided and not
investment advice. Emerging Equity Alert advises
all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professional securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email. None of the material within this report
shall be construed as any kind of investment advice.
Please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsletter about the news published
by the company does not represent the company
official statement and in fact may differ from the
real meaning of what the news release meant to say.
Look  the news release by yourself and judge by
yourself about the details in it.

In compliance with Section 17(b), we disclose the
holding of VCSC shares prior to the publication of
this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of
interest (853x1LwJ8 resulting from
such holdings due to our intent to profit from the
liquidation of these shares. Shares may be sold
at any time, even after positive statements have
been made regarding the above company. Since we
own shares, there is an inherent conflict of
interest in our statements and opinions. Readers
of this publication are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on forward looking statements,
which are based on certain assumptions and
expectations involving various risks and
uncertainties, that could cause results to
differ materially from those set forth in
the forward looking statements.

Please be advised that nothing within this email
shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation
to get position in or sell any security mentioned
herein. This newsletter is neither a registered
investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker
or dealer. This newsletter was paid 49000 from
third party to send this report.  All statements
made are our express opinion only and should be
treated as such. We may own, take position and
sell any securities mentioned at any time. This
report includes forward-looking statements within
the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These statements may include
terms as " Projected Speculative Price" "expect",
"believe", "may", "will", " Soar" "move",
"undervalued" and "intend" or similar terms

infrasonic salesman
