Return-Path: <q_wang@o2.pl>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bruceg@em.ca
Received: (qmail 29336 invoked by uid 115); 22 May 2005 19:22:38 -0000
Received: from q_wang@o2.pl by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 ( Clear:RC:0(200.68.68.105):. 
 Processed in 0.178222 secs); 22 May 2005 19:22:38 -0000
Received: from customer79-105.iplannetworks.net (HELO mail.enterate.com.ar) (200.68.68.105)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 22 May 2005 19:22:37 -0000
Received: (qmail 7005 invoked by uid 48); 22 May 2005 18:37:55 -0000
X-Mail-Scanner: Scanned by qSheff 0.8-p3 against viruses and spams (http://www.enderunix.org/qsheff/)
Cc: recipient list not shown: ;
Received: from f90190.upc-f.chello.nl (f90190.upc-f.chello.nl [80.56.90.190]) 
	by mail.enterate.com.ar (IMP) with HTTP 
	for <qinqin@enterate.com.ar@localhost>; Sun, 22 May 2005 15:37:18 -0300
Message-ID: <1116787038.4290d15e26bc4@mail.enterate.com.ar>
Date: Sun, 22 May 2005 15:37:18 -0300
From: Qin Wang <q_wang@o2.pl>
Subject: project
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
User-Agent: Internet Messaging Program (IMP) 3.2.1
X-Originating-IP: 80.56.90.190

Qin Wang
Lloyds TSB Pacific Limited 
Hong Kong Branch
Fax: +852-301-66259

                                                                       
Thank you for giving me your time. Please be patient and read my email   to you.

I am a staff of Lloyds TSB Group attached in Private Banking Services. I am 
contacting you concerning a customer and, an investment placed under our banks 
management 3 years ago, I contacted you independently of our investigation and 
no one is informed of this communication and I Would like to intimate you with 
certain facts that I believe would be of interest to you.

In 2000, the subject matter; ref: bb/tsb/bank/73 came to our bank to engage in 
business discussions with our Private Banking Services Department. He informed 
us that he had a financial portfolio of 8.35 million United States Dollars, 
which he wished to have us turn over on his behalf. I was the officer assigned 
to his case; I made numerous suggestions in line with my duties as the de-facto 
chief operations officer of the Private Banking Services Department, especially 
given the volume of funds he wished to put into our bank. We met on numerous 
occasions prior to any investments being placed. I encouraged him to consider 
various growth funds with prime ratings. The favored route in my advice to 
customers is to start by assessing data on 600 traditional stocks and bond 
managers and alternative investments. Based on my advice, we spun the money 
around various opportunities and made attractive margins for our first months 
of operation, the accrued profit and interest stood at this point at over 10 
million United States Dollars, this margin was not the full potential of the 
fund but he desired low risk guaranteed returns on investments. In mid 2001, he 
asked that the money be liquidated because he needed to make an urgent 
investment requiring cash payments in Europe. He directed that I liquidate the 
funds and had it deposited with a firm in Europe. I informed him that our bank 
would have to make special arrangements to have this done and in order not to 
circumvent due process, the bank would have to make a 9.5 % deduction from the 
funds to cater for banking and statutory charges. He complained about the 
charges but later came around when I explained to him the complexities of the 
task he was asking of us. Cash movement across borders has become especially 
strict since the incidents of 9/11. 

I contacted my affiliate in Europe and had the funds available in main land 
Europe. I undertook all the processes and made sure I followed his precise 
instructions to the letter and had the funds deposited in a security 
consultancy firm, the firm is a specialist private firm that accepts deposits 
from high net worth individuals and blue chip corporations that handle valuable 
products or undertake transactions that need immediate access to cash. This 
small and highly private organization is familiar especially to the highly 
placed and Well-connected organizations. In line with instructions, the money 
was deposited. He told me he wanted the money there in anticipation of his 
arrival from Norway later that week. This was the last communication we had, 
this transpired around 20th  June 2002. In June last year, we got a call from 
the security firm informing us of the inactivity of that particular portfolio. 
This was an astounding position as far as I was concerned, given the fact that 
I managed the private banking sector I was the only one who knew about the 
deposit, and I could not understand why he had not come forward to claim his 
deposit.

 I made futile efforts to locate him I immediately passed the task of locating 
him to the internal investigations department of our bank. Four days later, 
information started to trickle in, that he was apparently dead. A person who 
suited his description was declared dead of a heart attack in Cannes, South of 
France. We were soon enough able to identify the body and cause of death was 
confirmed. The bank immediately launched an investigation into possible 
surviving next of kin to alert about the situation and also to come forward to 
claim his estate. If you are familiar with private banking affairs, those who 
patronize our services usually prefer anonymity, but also some levels of 
detachment from conventional processes. In his bio-data form, he listed no next 
of kin. In the field of private banking, opening an account with us means no 
one will know of its existence, accounts are rarely held under a name 
depositors use numbers and codes to make the accounts anonymous. This bank also 
gives the choice to depositors of having their mail sent to them or held at the 
bank itself, ensuring that there are no traces of the account and as I said, 
rarely do they nominate next of kin. Private banking clients apart from not 
nominating next of kin also usually in most cases leave wills in our care, in 
this case; he died in testate.

What I wish to relate to you will smack of unethical practice but I want you to 
understand something. It is only an outsider to the banking world who finds the 
internal politics of the banking world aberrational. The world of private 
banking especially is fraught with huge rewards for those who occupy certain 
offices and oversee certain portfolios. You should have begun by now to put 
together the general direction of what I propose. There is US$ 8,370,000.00 
deposited, I alone have the deposit details and they will release the deposit 
to no one unless I instruct them to do so. I alone know of the existence of 
this deposit for as far as the finance firm, the transaction with our deceased 
customer concluded when I sent the funds to the firm, all outstanding 
interactions in relation to the file are just customer services and due 
process. The finance firm has no single idea of what's the history or nature of 
the deposit. They are simply awaiting instructions to release the deposit to 
any party that comes forward. This is the situation. This bank has spent great 
amounts of money trying to track this man's family; they have investigated for 
months and have found no family. The investigation has come to an end.

 My proposal ,  you share similar details to the late fellow  I am prepared to 
place you in a position to instruct the finance firm to release the deposit to 
you as the closest surviving relation. Upon receipt of the deposit, I am 
prepared to share the money with you in half and no more. That is: I will 
simply nominate you as the next of kin and have them release the deposit to 
you. We share the proceeds 50/50. I would have gone ahead to ask the funds be 
released to me, but that would have drawn a straight line to me and my 
involvement in claiming the deposit. But on the other hand, you with a similar 
name as the original depositor would easily pass as the beneficiary with the 
rights to claim. I assure you that I could have the deposit released to you in 
a few days. I will simply inform our bank of the final closing of the file 
relating to the customer. I will then officially communicate with the finance 
company and instruct them to release the deposit to you. With these two things: 
all is done.

The alternative would be for us to have the firm direct the funds to another 
bank with you as accountholder. This way there will be no need for you to think 
of receiving the money from the firm. We can fine-tune this based on our 
interactions. I am aware of the consequences of this proposal. I ask that if 
you find no interest in this project that you should discard this mail. I ask 
that you do not be vindictive or destructive. If my offer is of no appeal to 
you, delete this message and forget I ever contacted you. Do not destroy my 
career because you do not approve of my proposal. You may not know this but 
people like myself who have made tidy sums out of comparable situations run the 
whole private banking sector. I am not a criminal and what I do, I do not find 
against good conscience, this may be hard for you to understand, but the 
dynamics of my industry dictates that I make this move. Such opportunities only 
come ones' way once in a lifetime. I cannot let this chance pass me by

I hope you understand because for once I found myself in total control and face 
to face with my destiny. These chances won't pass me by. I ask that you do not 
destroy my chance, if you will not work with me let me know and let me move on 
with my life but do not destroy me. I am a family man and this is an 
opportunity to provide them with new opportunities. There is a reward for this 
project and it is a task well worth undertaking. I have evaluated the risks and 
the only risk I have here is from you refusing to work with me and alerting my 
bank. I am the only one who knows of this situation, good fortune has blessed 
you with a name that has planted you into the center of relevance in my life. 
Let's share the blessing.

If you give me positive signals, I will initiate this process towards a 
conclusion. I wish to inform you that should you contact me via official 
channels; I will deny knowing you and about this project. I repeat, I do not 
want you contacting me through my official phone lines nor do I want you 
contacting me through my official email account. Contact me only through this 
email address(q_wang@o2.pl)

I do not want any direct link between you and me. My official lines are not 
secure lines as they are periodically monitored to assess our level of customer 
care in line with our Total Quality Management Policy.

Please observe this instruction religiously. Please, again, note I am a family 
man; I happily married with two kids. I send you this mail not without a 
measure of fear as to what the consequences might be, but I know within me that 
nothing ventured is nothing gained and that success and riches never come easy 
or on a platter of gold. This is the one truth I have learned from my private 
banking clients. Do not betray my confidence. If we can be of one accord, we 
should plan a meeting, soon.

I await your response.

Sincerely,

Qin Wang



* Este mensaje fue enviado desde http://www.enterate.com.ar/ 
____________________________________________________________ 

* Conectate GRATIS a Internet desde Enterate ! 
Usuario   : enterate@enterate.com.ar 
Clave     : enterate 
desde Buenos Aires : 4004-8007 
desde otras ciudades, consulta en : 
http://www.enterate.com.ar/InternetGratis.htm 

