Return-Path: <ftbmcoexuysjz@fylkesnes.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-excelled@em.ca
Received: (qmail 31779 invoked by uid 115); 30 May 2005 06:37:22 -0000
Received: from ftbmcoexuysjz@fylkesnes.com by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 ( Clear:RC:0(61.48.85.210):. 
 Processed in 2.331438 secs); 30 May 2005 06:37:22 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO 209.5.178.248) (61.48.85.210)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 30 May 2005 06:37:18 -0000
Received: from cavendish.energyfirstcu.org ([62.75.248.18])
 by expository.energyfirstcu.org (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.05 (built Aug 21 2000)) with ESMTP id <0Y4C88A9TQFNXNA0@expository.energyfirstcu.org> for
 lv@em.ca; Tue, 22 Mar 2005 07:47:20 -0200 (IST)
Received: from sunrise.colflesh.com ([207.61.130.5])
 by expository.energyfirstcu.org
 (Sun Java System Messaging Server 6.1 HotFix 0.09 (built Aug 22 2000))
 with ESMTP id <0R1X92A9SVCRIGD2@expository.energyfirstcu.org> for lv@em.ca
 (ORCPT lv@em.ca); Tue, 22 Mar 2005 12:55:20 +0300 (IST)
Received: (qmail 3813 invoked by uid 7186); Tue, 22 Mar 2005 08:51:20 -0100
Date: Tue, 22 Mar 2005 03:54:20 -0600
From: "Milagros Cherry" <ftbmcoexuysjz@fylkesnes.com>
To: <lv@em.ca>
Subject: Technology equals Profitability
Sender: "Milagros Cherry" <ftbmcoexuysjz@fylkesnes.com>
Message-ID: <516539355915.ITN44758@spite.energyfirstcu.org>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit

ROCKET STOCKS NEWSLETTER

U R G E N T   I N V E S T O R   A L E R T

BPET (BNP Petroleum Corp) is in position to take advantage of the 
current oil crisis.  Stock in this company is expected to dramatically 
increase in value in the next 1-2 weeks.

Symbol: BPET.PK
Current Price:      	    		$O.O2
Short Term Target Price:    		$0.45   
12 month Target Price:      		$1.12


NEWS:

LONDON (Reuters) -- March 31, 2O05 -- Oil markets have entered a 
``super-spike'' period that could see 197O's-style price surges as high as 
$1O5 a barrel, investment bank Goldman Sachs said in a research report.

Goldman's Global Investment Research note also raised the bank's 2005 
and 2O06 New York Mercantile Exchange crude price forecasts to $5O and 
$55 respectively, from $41 and $40.

These forecasts sit at the top of a table of predictions from 25 
analysts, consultants and government bodies surveyed by Reuters.

``We believe oil markets may have entered the early stages of what we 
have referred to as a ``super spike'' period -- a multi-year trading 
band of oil prices high enough to meaningfully reduce energy consumption 
and recreate a spare capacity cushion only after which will lower energy 
prices return,'' Goldman's analysts wrote.


C O M P A N Y   O V E R V I E W

BNP Petroleum Corporation, Inc. is an Irving based oil and gas 
exploration and development (E&D) company. BNP Petroleum Corporation, Inc. was 
formed for the purpose of development and operation of oil and gas 
properties with proven reserves. The Company's strategy is to focus in 
domestic areas where major oil and gas producing companies have reduced 
their exploration efforts to move offshore and overseas in search of the 
larger reserves. Considerable oil and gas in proven fields remain to be 
exploited by well-managed independent oil companies capable of 
extracting these reserves at lower risk and lower cost than unproved prospects. 
BNP Petroleum's initial development strategy has been to acquire such 
proven fields and increase production through the application of 
advanced technology and the exploration of other proven formations in the same 
fields.  

BNP Petroleum Corporation's primary operational strategy includes the 
operation of its own projects, giving it substantial control over 
drilling and production costs. The Company has associated with highly 
experienced exploration and development engineering and geology personnel that 
strive to add production at lower costs through development drilling, 
workovers, behind pipe recompletions and secondary recovery operations. 

The Company's long-term strategy is to build an oil and gas production 
company through a strategic combination of selected property 
acquisitions and an exploration program. Additionally, the Company will continue 
to rework existing wells in an attempt to increase production and 
reserves.


C O M P A N Y   N E W S

IRVING, Texas, May 25, 2005 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- BNP Petroleum 
Corporation (OTC Pink Sheets: BPET - News; BPET), an independent oil and 
gas company, announced today restarting of "Hooks" lease located in 
Wichita county Texas, after accomplishing modifications and upgrades on 
some wells, in the last few months. The shallow wells previously had been 
producing oil and water at low rates due to low bottom pressure, which 
is normal for the area. Steadily increasing rates of production for 
Hooks lease are expected.

BNP Director, Rafael Pinedo said today, "BNP Petroleum will begin 
immediately to restart other leases in our portfolio of properties and 
complete all necessary work to assure that BNP's properties are in full 
compliance with the regulations of the Texas Railroad Commission and re- 
establish oil production on BNP's leases over the coming months."

Forward-Looking Statements: The statements which are not historical 
facts contained in this release are forward-looking statements that 
involve risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, the effect of 
economic conditions, the impact of competition, the results of 
financing efforts, changes in consumers' preferences and trends. The words 
"estimate," "possible," and "seeking" and similar expressions identify 
forward-looking statements, which speak only to the date the statement was 
made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise 
any forward-looking statements, because of new information, future 
events, or otherwise. Future events and actual results may differ 
materially from those set forth herein, contemplated by, or underlying the 
forward-looking statements.


We believe that the SPECULATIVE NEAR TERM TARGET PRICE IS   $O.45
We believe that the SPECULATIVE LONG TERM TARGET PRICE IS   $1.12

Even after so many successful picks this year, we feel that this is our 
Best Pick yet!!!

Please Watch this one Trade Tuesday!



DISCLAIMER:  
Information within this email contains "FORWARD looking statements" 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and 
Section 21B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that 
express or   involve   discussions with respect to predictions, 
expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goals, 
assumptions or future 
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be 
"F0RWARD looking statements."F0RWARD looking statements are based on 
expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are 
made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause 
actual results or events to differ materially from those presently 
anticipated. FORWARD looking statements in this action may be 
identified 
through the use of words such as "projects", "foresee", "expects",  
"will,"  "anticipates,"  "estimates," "believes,"  "understands or 
that by 
statements indicating certain actions "may," "could," or "might" occur. 
As with many micro-cap stocks, today's company has additional risk 
factors worth noting. Those factors include: a limited operating 
history, 
the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an 
unsecured basis: one vendor, a related party through a majority 
stockholder, supplies ninety-seven percent of the company's raw 
materials:  
reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and 
numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital. 
These 
factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company's SEC 
filings. We urge you to read the filings before you invest.  The ROCKET 
STOCK 
Report does not represent that the information contained in this 
message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact 
necessary 
to make the statements therein not misleading.  All information 
provided within this email pertaining to investing, ST0CKS, securities 
must be 
understood as information provided and not investment advice. The 
ROCKET STOCK Report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice 
from 
a registered professional securities representative before deciding to 
trade in STOCKS featured within this email. None of the material within 
this report   shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or 
solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. 
You 
can lose all your MONEY by investing in this ST0CK. The publisher of 
The ROCKET STOCK Report is not a registered investment ADVISOR. 
Subscribers should not view information herein as legal, tax, 
accounting or 
investment advice. Any reference to past performance(s) of companies 
are 
specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance 
of 
these companies. You would need perfect timing to achieve the results 
in the examples given.   There can be no assurance of that happening. 
Remember, as always, past performance is never indicative of future 
results and a thorough due diligence effort, including a review of a 
company's filings, should be completed prior to investing. In 
compliance 
with the Securities Act of 1933, Section 17(b), The ROCKET STOCK Report 
discloses the receipt of twelve thousand D0LLARS from a third party 
(GEM,Inc.), not an officer, director or affiliate  shareholder  for  
the 
circulation  of  this report. GEM, Inc. has a position in the ST0CK 
they 
will sell at any time without notice.  Be aware of an inherent conflict 
of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this 
is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted. All factual information 
in this report was gathered from public sources, including but not 
limited to Company Websites, SEC Filings and Company Press Releases. 
The 
ROCKET STOCK Report believes this information to be reliable but can 
make 
no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of the material 
within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.

If you wish to stop future mailings, please mail to  news_let13 @ yahoo.com
