Return-Path: <vjosrdeatbg@clarityworks.net>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-passover@em.ca
Received: (qmail 9690 invoked by uid 115); 7 Jul 2005 01:11:40 -0000
Received: from vjosrdeatbg@clarityworks.net by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 ( Clear:RC:0(211.249.176.20):. 
 Processed in 2.327015 secs); 07 Jul 2005 01:11:40 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO mail.cinader.com) (211.249.176.20)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 7 Jul 2005 01:11:36 -0000
Date: Thu, 07 Jul 2005 03:25:36 -0-200
From: "Charmaine Hatfield" <vjosrdeatbg@clarityworks.net>
Subject: Triple Play St0ck
To: <bait-sneakily@em.ca>
Reply-to: Jamal <vjosrdeatbg@clarityworks.net>
Message-id: <uN8eXKxQDQ197dwPcV6C@clarityworks.net>
MIME-version: 1.0
Content-type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Content-transfer-encoding: 7Bit
X-Priority: 3
X-Source:
X-Source-Args:
X-Source-Dir:
Original-recipient: rfc822;bait-sneakily@em.ca

Tiger Team Technologies(TTMT)
Leading developer of proprietary technical and business processes 
transforming business operations of medical service providers through 
state-of-the-art communication hardware and software technologies.

Current Price: 0.05
Is This an Undiscovered Gem that is Positioned to Go Higher? Review 
Exactly What this Company Does.

Breaking News!!

Tiger Team Technologies Corporation (TTMT) has had an extremely 
positive first half of year 2005. The company set out goals in the beginning 
of the year, but did not foresee the progress that it has made. So far 
this year the company has secured short term funding, receeived a clean 
bill of health from its auditors and is therefore ready to file the 
necessary paperwork with the SEC to move to a better exchange, and 
finally, as noted in the previous press release dated June 25, 2004, the 
company is now being aggressively marketed in the Pacific Rim. 

Therefore, because Tiger Team has made inroads with major online 
retailers and internet transaction processors and wants to better service its 
clients here in the US and now being recruited in the Pacific Rim, the 
company has opened a new office in the San Francisco Bay Area. This 
office will compliment the one currently located where the company is 
headquartered in St. Paul, Minnesota. The company continues to garner 
interest from many market sectors and companies around the globe; thus, an 
expansion was only a natural outcome of the amazzing growth experienced 
this year. 

Tiger Team Technologies Corporation (TTMT) is pleased to announce that 
it has entered into a marketing agreement with Modern World Media, a 
leading Japanese marketing gr0up , to promote its products and services 
in the Japanese and Asian markets. This deal opens a completely new 
avenue for potential revenue and exposure as Tiger Team now looks to expand 
beyond the U.S. borders. 

Having a consistent presence in these two markets can only enhance the 
company's stature and in the long run, its profitability. A satisfied 
Paul Hogan, CEO of Tiger Team Technologies, stated that "the 0pp0rtunity 
for the company to introduce its products and services into the most 
sophisticated and fastest growing market in the world not only gives the 
company and international scope but will impact the company's bottom 
line in very significant ways for years to come. 

Modern World Media specializes in introducing new and innovative 
technologies to the Japanese and Asian markets, and is highly selective in 
the products and services that it chooses to introduce into the primary 
markets. Therefore, besides being excited about the prospects of having 
its product being marketed one of the fastest growing economic regions, 
Tiger Team also feels honored of having been chosen since the selection 
process by World Media is that stringent. 

About the Company

Tiger Team Technologies (T3), is a leading developer of proprietary 
technical and business processes transforming business operations of 
medical service providers through state-of-the-art communication hardware 
and software technologies. T3 has developed auditrac to track documents 
and transmissions in conjunction with an innovative risk management 
program through it Financial Services Unit to limit client exposure in the 
HIPAA environment. These processes guaranteee and secure electronic 
file transmission in accordance with federal mandated HIPAA compliance 
requirements. This translates to total patient privacy and security which 
is key to reducing the risk and exposure and thus 0ffer a reduction in 
medical premiums placed on providers. Based in St. Paul, MN, the 
Company seeks to pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at corporate 
and individual medical practices by leveraging this exclusive 
transmission process as an incentive for the medical community to outsource 
existing services. 

Conclusion:

The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known 
Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are 
Already Familiar with This. Is TTMT Poised and Positioned to Do that For 
You? Then You May Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch
this One Trade Thursday! Go TTMT.

Penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable 
for all but very aggressive investors.  This Profile is not in any way 
affiliated with the featured company.  We were compensated 3000 dollars 
to distribute this report.  This report is for entertainment and 
advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice.  
If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been 
wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in 
the sub ject to  daily_1tip @ yahoo.com


