Return-Path: <root@host132.ipowerweb.com>
Delivered-To: spam@bruce-guenter.dyndns.org
Received: (qmail 3891 invoked from network); 18 Aug 2004 14:48:23 -0000
Received: from localhost (localhost [127.0.0.1])
  by bruce-guenter.dyndns.org ([192.168.1.3]); 18 Aug 2004 14:48:23 -0000
Received: from zak.futurequest.net ([127.0.0.1])
  by localhost ([127.0.0.1])
  with SMTP via TCP; 18 Aug 2004 14:48:23 -0000
Received: (qmail 1432 invoked from network); 18 Aug 2004 14:48:20 -0000
Received: from host132.ipowerweb.com (unknown [66.235.192.173])
  by zak.futurequest.net ([69.5.6.152])
  with SMTP via TCP; 18 Aug 2004 14:48:20 -0000
Received: (qmail 44155 invoked by uid 80); 18 Aug 2004 14:41:17 -0000
Date: 18 Aug 2004 14:41:17 -0000
Message-ID: <20040818144117.44147.qmail@host132.ipowerweb.com>
To: roland_anderson2@yahoo.co.uk
Subject: REPLY IMMEDIATELY
From: roland_anderson2 <roland_anderson2@yahoo.co.uk>
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
CC: 
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Mailer: RLSP Mailer
Content-Length: 12145
Lines: 296


Goodday,

I am Roland Anderson, staff of SMITH & WILLIAMSON
Private
Banking.
I am contacting you concerning a deceased customer and
an investment
he placed under our banks management three years ago.I
would respectfully
request that you keep the contents of this mail
confidential and respect the integrity of the
information you come by as a result of this mail.

I contacted you independently of our investigation and
no one is informed
of this communication. I would like to intimate you
with certain facts that I believe would be of interest
to you.In 2000, the subject matter; came to our bank
to engage in business discussions with our private
banking division. He informed us that he had a
financial portfolio of Thirty million united states
dollars,which he
wished to have us turn over (invest) on his behalf.I
was the  officer assigned to his case, I made
numerous suggestions in line with my duties as the
de-facto chief operations officer of the 
private banking sector, especially given the volume of
funds he wished to put into our bank. We met on
numerous occasions prior to any investments being
placed. I encouraged him to consider various growth
funds with prime ratings.
 The favored route in my advise to customers is to
start by assessing 
data on 6000 traditional stocks and bond managers and
2000 managers of 
alternative investments. Based on my advice, We spun
the money around 
various opportunities and made attractive margins for
our first months of 
operation, the accrued profit and interest stood at
this point at over ten 
million United States Dollars, this margin was not the
full potential of the fund but he desired low risk
guaranteed returns on investments. 
In mid 2001, he asked that the money be liquidated
because he needed to 
make an urgent investment requiring cash payments in
here in the united 
kingdom. He directed that I liquidate the funds and
deposit it with a 
security firm. I informed him that SMITH & WILLIAMSON
would have to make 
special arrangements to have this done and in order
not to circumvent due 
process, the bank would have to make a 9.5 % deduction
from the funds to 
cater for banking and statutory charges. He complained
about the charges 
but later came around when I explained to him the
complexities of the task 
he was asking of us. Cash movement across boarders has
become especially 
strict since the incidents of 9/11. I contacted my
affiliate and made the funds
available to the security firm. I undertook all the
processes and made sure I followed his precise
instructions to the letter and had the funds deposited
with the security firm. The Security Firm
is a specialist private firm that accepts deposits
from high net worth individuals and blue chip
corporations that handle valuable products or
undertake transactions that need immediate access to
cash. This small and highly private organization is
familiar especially to the highly placed and
well-connected organizations. In line with
instructions, the money was deposited with the
security firm.
The deceased told me he wanted the
money there in anticipation of his arrival from Norway
later that week. This was the last communication we
had, this transpired around 25th February 2003.In June
last year, we got a call from the security firm
informing us that the inactivity of that particular
portfolio. 

This was an astounding position as far as I was 
concerned, given the fact that I managed the private
banking sector I was the only one who knew about the
deposit at the security firm, and I could not
understand  why the deceased had not come forward to
claim his deposit. I made futile efforts to locate the
deceased. I immediately passed the task of locating
him to the internal investigations department of SMITH
& WILLIAMSON.
Four days later, information started to trickle in,
apparently our client was dead. A person who suited
his description was declared dead of a heart attack in
Canne, South of France. 

We were soon enough able to identify the body and
cause of death was 
confirmed. The bank immediately launched an
investigation into possible 
surviving next of kin to alert about the situation and
also to come forward to claim his estate. If you are
familiar with private banking affairs, those who
patronize our services usually prefer anonymity, but
also some levels of detachment from conventional
processes. In his bio-data form, he listed no next of
kin. In the field of private banking, opening an
account with us means no one will know of its
existence, accounts are rarely held under a name;
depositors use numbers and codes to make the accounts
anonymous. 
This bank also gives the choice to depositors of
having their mail sent to 
them or held at the bank itself, ensuring that there
are no traces of the 
account and as I said, rarely do they nominate next of
kin. Private banking clients apart from not nominating
next of kin also usually in most cases leave wills in
our care, in this case; the deceased died without a
testate. In line with our internal processes for
account holders who have passed away, we instituted
our own investigations in good faith to determine who
should have right to claim the estate. This
investigation has for the past months been unfruitful.
We have scanned every continent and used our private
investigation affiliate companies to get to the root
of the problem. It is this investigation that resulted
in my being furnished with your details as a possible
relative of the deceased. My official capacity
dictates that I am the only party to supervise the
investigation and the only party to receive the
results of the investigation. What this
means, you being the last batch of names we have
considered, is that our dear late fellow died with no
known or identifiable family member. This leaves me as
the only person with the full picture of what the
prevailing situation is in relation to the deposit and
the late beneficiary of the deposit.

According to practice, The Security Firm will by
the end of this 
financial year broadcast a request for statements of
claim to SMITH & WILLIAMSON,failing to receive viable
claims they
will most probably  revert the deposit back to SMITH &
WILLIAMSON.
This will result in the money entering the SMITH &
WILLIAMSON
accounting  system and the portfolio will be out of my
hands and out of the private banking division. This
will not happen if I have my way.What I wish to relate
to you will smack of unethical practice but I want you
to understand something. It is only an outsider to the
banking world who finds the internal politics of the
banking world aberrational. The world of private
banking especially is fraught with huge rewards for
those who occupy certain offices and oversee certain
portfolios. You should have begun by now to  put
together the general direction of what I propose.
There is  Thirty million 
dollars deposited in a security firm, I alone have
the deposit details and they will 
release the deposit to no one unless I instruct them
to do so. I alone know of the existence of this
deposit for as far as SMITH & WILLIAMSON is concerned,
the
transaction with our late customer concluded when I
sent the funds to the security firm, all
outstanding interactions in relation to the file are
just customer services and due process. The security
Firm
has no single idea of what’s the history
or nature of the deposit. They are simply awaiting
instructions to release the deposit to any party that
comes forward. This is the situation. This bank has
spent great amounts of money trying to track this
man’s family; they have investigated for months and
have found no family. 

The investigation has come to an end.


My proposal; you share the same surname With our late
client; I am prepared to place you in a position to
instruct The security Firm to release the
deposit to you as the closest surviving relation. 
Upon receipt of the deposit,I am prepared to share the
money with you in 
half. That is: I will simply nominate you as the next
of kin and have them 
release the deposit to you. We share the proceeds
50/50.I would have gone 
ahead to ask the funds  be released to me, but that
would have drawn a 
straight line to me and my involvement in claiming the
deposit. But on the 
other hand, you with the same very name as the
original depositor would 
easily pass as the beneficiary  with right to claim. I
assure you that I could have the deposit released to
you within a few days. I will simply inform the bank
of the final closing of the file relating to the
deceased I will then officially communicate with
The Security Firm and instruct them to release
the deposit to you. With these two things: all is
done.

The alternative would be for us to have The Security
Firm
direct the funds to another bank with
you as account holder. This way there will be no need
for you to think of receiving the money from 
The Security Company. We can fine-tune this based
on our interactions.
I am aware of the consequences of this proposal. I ask
that if you 
find no interest in this project that you should
discard this mail. I ask that you do not be vindictive
and destructive. If my offer is of no appeal to
you,delete this message and forget I ever contacted
you. Do not destroy my career because you do not
approve of my proposal. You may not know 
this but people like myself who have made tidy sums
out of comparable 
situations run the whole private banking sector. I am
not a criminal and 
what I do, I do not find against good conscience, this
may be hard for you 
to understand, but the dynamics of my industry
dictates that I make this 
move. Such opportunities only come ones' way once in a
lifetime. I cannot 
let this chance pass me by, for once I find myself in
total control of my 
destiny. These chances wont pass me by. I ask that you
do not destroy my 
chance, if you will not work with me let me know and
let me move on with 
my life but do not destroy me. I am a family man and
this is an opportunity to provide them with new
opportunities. There is a reward for this project and
it is a task well worth undertaking. 

I have evaluated the risks and the only risk I have
here is from you 
refusing to work with me and alerting my bank. I am
the only one who 
knows of this situation, good fortune has blessed you
with a name that has 
planted you into the center of relevance in my life.
Lets share the blessing.If you find yourself able to
work with me, contact me through this email
account roland_anderson8@coolkiwi.com If you give
me
positive signals, I will
initiate this process towards a conclusion. I wish to
inform you that should you 
contact me via official channels; I will deny knowing
you and about this 
project. I repeat, I do not want you contacting me
through my official phone lines nor do I want you
contacting me through my official email account. 
Contact me only through the numbers I will provide for
you and also 
through this email address. I do not want any direct
link between you and 
me. My official lines are not secure lines as they are
periodically monitored to assess our level of customer
care in line with our Total Quality Management Policy.
Please observe this instruction religiously. Please,
again, note I am a family man, I have a wife and
children. I send you this mail not without a measure
of fear as to what the consequences, but I know within
me that nothing ventured is nothing gained and that 
success and riches never come easy or on a platter of
gold. 
This is the one truth I have learned from my private
banking clients. Do not betray my confidence.

Kindly send your response to my private email address


I await your response.

Roland Anderson.





___________________________________________________________________________
Mail sent from WebMail service at midwestmilitia.com - http://www.midwestmilitia.com
