Return-Path: <yxrmnxlken@liquidafrica.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bait-passover@em.ca
Received: (qmail 6962 invoked by uid 115); 5 Feb 2005 17:55:35 -0000
Received: from yxrmnxlken@liquidafrica.com by churchill by uid 64011 with qmail-scanner-1.22 
 (clamdscan: 0.75-1. spamassassin: 2.63.  Clear:RC:0(64.252.162.25):. 
 Processed in 0.145187 secs); 05 Feb 2005 17:55:35 -0000
Received: from 25.162.252.64.snet.net (HELO liquidafrica.com) (64.252.162.25)
  by churchill.factcomp.com with SMTP; 5 Feb 2005 17:55:34 -0000
Return-path: <yxrmnxlken@liquidafrica.com>
From: lavone Worpell <yxrmnxlken@liquidafrica.com>
To: <bait-passover@em.ca>, <bait-excelled@em.ca>
Subject: St0ckMarket DTOI Standouts prune
Date: Sat, 05 Feb 2005 11:56:00 -0600
Reply-To: <yxrmnxlken@liquidafrica.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: plain
X-Qmail-Scanner-Message-ID: <11076261356726950@churchill>
Content-Length: 5635
Lines: 149

branch

     +++Investor Edge Weekly DTOI+++
      "Where Investors Always Win"

570% Gains Last Month Don't Miss Our Pick For
all week coming up, "DTOI" Will Be Hot All Week
get it immediately monday morning, a big promotion
will begin Friday evening followed up by a Huge Fax
Campaign starting Tuesday. Big profits all week.

Breaking News for DTOI - This stock is
about to Explode on Monday.

DTOI current price is 15 cents WE EXPECT
it hits 40-60 cents in the very near future
Just put the stock on your screens and watch
it SOAR.

Our Last profile was BMXG and it went from 40
cents to $2 - now its time for DTOI - get on
board today

DTOI is producing The Air Spring Axle
revolutionizes suspension design for small
and medium trailers. Whether you are a trailer
manufacturer, a rental manufacturers, a rental
fleet owner or prospective trailer buyer, the
Air Spring Axle offers superior performance
to traditional axle designs.

------------------------------
Symbol: DTOI
Current Price: $0.15
We expect 10 day target price of 45 cents+
------------------------------

Breaking News :

PLANTATION, Fla.,- Dtomi, Inc., a Nevada
corporation ("Dtomi") (DTOI) , announced today
that a prototype of a motorcycle trailer fitted
with its Air Spring Axle(TM) is being evaluated
by a major motorcycle manufacturer.

The Air Spring Axle(TM) is an innovative,
patented suspension that provides the benefits
of an air suspension and also allows a trailer
to be lowered to ground level to simplify
loading and unloading.

John Haddock, CEO of Dtomi said, "We are
obviously very pleased this evaluation is
underway especially as we believe the unique
attributes of the Air Spring Axle(TM) make it
an ideal choice for trailers designed to transport
motorcycles. By eliminating long, steep and narrow
ramps, the Air Spring Axle(TM) makes loading
motorcycles faster, easier and less physically
demanding.

"Each year, over 500,000 motorcycles are sold
with engine capacities greater than 651cc, so
the opportunity is very significant", added
Haddock

-------------------
Stock Symbol: DTOI
Current Price: $0.15
We expect 10 day target price of 45 cents+
-------------------

We Highly Recoomend DTOI, Get It Immediate For
Explosive Gains, Don't Pass This One Up

    +++++++Get It Monday At The Open++++++++




Information within this email contains "forward
looking statements" within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any
statements that express or involve discussions
with respect to predictions, goals, expectations,
beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions
or future events or performance are not statements
of historical fact and may be "forward looking
statements." Forward looking statements are based
on expectations, estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number
of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those
presently anticipated. Forward looking statements
in this action may be identified through the use
of words such as: "projects", "foresee", "expects",
"estimates," "believes," "understands" "will,"
"part of: "anticipates," or that by statements
indicating certain actions "may," "could," or "might"
occur. All information provided within this email
pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice. Emerging Equity Alert advises all readers
and subscribers to seek advice from a registered
professional securities representative before deciding
to trade in stocks featured within this email. None
of the material within this report shall be construed
as any kind of investment advice. Please have in mind
that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter
about the news published by the company does not
represent the company official statement and in fact
may differ from the real meaning of what the news
release meant to say. Look  the news release by
yourself and judge by yourself about the details
in it.

In compliance with Section 17(b), we disclose the
holding of DTOI shares prior to the publication of
this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of
interest resulting from such holdings due to our
intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares.
Shares may be sold at any time, even after positive
statements have been made regarding the above company.
Since we own shares, there is an inherent conflict
of interest in our statements and opinions. Readers
of this publication are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on forward-looking statements, which are
based on certain assumptions and expectations involving
various risks and uncertainties, that could cause
results to differ materially from those set forth in
the forward- looking statements.

Please be advised that nothing within this email shall
constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position
in or sell any security mentioned herein. This newsletter
is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated
with any broker or dealer. This newsletter was paid
21800 from third party (TrIPromoConsult Report) to send
this report.  All statements made are our express opinion
only and should be treated as such. We may own, take
position and sell any securities mentioned at any time.
This report includes forward-looking statements within
the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. These statements may include terms as
"expect", "believe", "may", "will", "move","undervalued"
"speculative target price" and "intend" or similar terms.

hoard wrestling
